Add PULUMI_BACKEND_URL (#4874)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/reference/cli/environment-variables.md

        </p>
        <pre><code class="text-xs">PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN="your-access-token"</code></pre>
    </dd>
    <dt>
        <span class="font-mono">
            PULUMI_BACKEND_URL
        </span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
        <p>

>             Set this environment variable to use a sepcified backend instead of the default "current" backend from the project
>             file or from a `pulumi login`.  See [State and Backends]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/state" >}}) for details on valid backend URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Set this environment variable to use a specified backend instead of the current backend for the project.  See [State and Backends]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/state" >}}) for details on valid backend URLs.
```
